README.md, before:

# XPLORE RECIPE APP
## APP INFO:
- It allows a user to browse through recipes using the Edamam API, which has a database of 1.7+ million nutritionally analyzed recipes with detailed macro and micronutrient data, filter by calories, diets, and allergens. Users can have their own grocery list while browsing through the recipes. Users can add the ingredients required to make a recipe to their grocery list.

## LIVE LINK:
- https://romiaujla.github.io/xplore-recipe-app/.

## USER STORIES:
- Search for recipes with recipe names
- Search for recipes by applying custom filters:
	- Filter using calorie limit
	- Filter by selecting single or multiple diet options
		- Vegetarian
		- Balanced
		- High-Protein
		- Low-Carbs
		- Low-Fat
		- Vegan
		- Sugar Conscious
		- Alcohol-Free
	- Filter by selecting allergens
        - Peanuts free 
        - Tree-nuts free
- Once the recipe is searched, the user can then add ingredients to their own grocery list
- User can remove items from the grocery list
- User can view detailed nutritional information about the recipe
- Users can go the source of the recipe to look up for instructions on how to cook the dish.

## DISABLED USER STORY:
- As a disabled user, I would like to navigate thru the whole app, using either a keyboard or mouse
- As a disabled user, I would like the website to aria compatible so a screen reader can pick up what the user is interacting with and read it back to the user. 

## TECH USED:
- Favicon created in Adobe XD
- Frontend: HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, jQuery
- Backend: Edamam API

## PORTFOLIO INFO
- Building this Asynchronous web app helped me obtain the knowledge of working with WEB API and JSON. Along with this, it helped me strengthen my knowledge of HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, and jQuery which handle the frontend of this application. 

## FUTURE FEATURES
- User logins, which can then lead to building more features mentioned below
    - Users can add or reply to a comment on the recipes
    - Users can rate the recipe.
    - Users can share recipes on social media.
    - Users can bookmark recipes
- Print/Email the Recipe Ingredients
- Print/Email the Nutritional Facts
- Print/Email the Grocery List

Commit message:

Edited Readme to add screenshots

README.md, after:

# XPLORE RECIPE APP
## App Info
It allows a user to browse through recipes using the Edamam API, which has a database of 1.7+ million nutritionally analyzed recipes with detailed macro and micronutrient data, filter by calories, diets, and allergens. Users can have their own grocery list while browsing through the recipes. Users can add the ingredients required to make a recipe to their grocery list.

## Live Link
- https://romiaujla.github.io/xplore-recipe-app/.

## App Functionality
- Search for recipes with recipe names
- Search for recipes by applying custom filters:
	- Filter using calorie limit
	- Filter by selecting single or multiple diet options
		- Vegetarian
		- Balanced
		- High-Protein
		- Low-Carbs
		- Low-Fat
		- Vegan
		- Sugar Conscious
		- Alcohol-Free
	- Filter by selecting allergens
        - Peanuts free 
        - Tree-nuts free
- Once the recipe is searched, the user can then add ingredients to their own grocery list
- User can remove items from the grocery list
- User can view detailed nutritional information about the recipe
- Users can go the source of the recipe to look up for instructions on how to cook the dish.

## Disabled User Story
- As a disabled user, I would like to navigate thru the whole app, using either a keyboard or mouse
- As a disabled user, I would like the website to aria compatible so a screen reader can pick up what the user is interacting with and read it back to the user. 

## Screenshots
Landing Page
![landing page](img/screen 1.png)

## Tech Used
- Favicon created in Adobe XD
- Frontend: HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, jQuery
- API: Edamam API

## Info for Portfolio
- Building this Asynchronous web app helped me obtain the knowledge of working with WEB API and JSON. Along with this, it helped me strengthen my knowledge of HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, and jQuery which handle the frontend of this application. 

## Some future features that may can be added
- User logins, which can then lead to building more features mentioned below
    - Users can add or reply to a comment on the recipes
    - Users can rate the recipe.
    - Users can share recipes on social media.
    - Users can bookmark recipes
- Print/Email the Recipe Ingredients
- Print/Email the Nutritional Facts
- Print/Email the Grocery List
